welcome to yoga Wellness tips I'm
Veronica Munos from HW
yoga.com hours and after that point I
had them covered like this um on a
window seal uh for about 24 hours uh 24
Hours by the full sun allows them to
start getting greener so as you can see
now they've grown a little bit not too
much you can still see the Earth and
everything else uh but I can see that
they're starting getting rich with
chlorophyll and that shows me by the
little leaves coming on and um of course
there's a lot of them is still that
haven't sprouted and they're still
working on getting uh taller and it's
going to take still probably a good um
five to seven days to grow to their full
potential until they are matured enough
in the meantime at this point I will
leave them uncovered unless you're in a
very cold climate uh at night especially
when the temperature goes down then you
may want to cover them only in the night
but throughout the day as long as they
in a nice sunny window they will be
exposed to that sunlight that will give
them all the nutrients they need all the
life force they need to grow into those
beautiful very long stem sunlow sprouts
and they will not need anything else
more than water at this point so you
will uh not spray water anymore from the
top or else you're going to get fungus
growing at the stems or anywhere along
the Sprout is better uh to water from
from the bottom basically just get a CH
and pour some water in there I don't
need to water mine right now because
they still have water and remember we
have the little holes and they will just
take whatever water they need from down
there and there's little roots that are
growing there I don't know if you can
see the little white things and
eventually those will really grow and
start floating underneath and they are
just the roots um trying to reach out
for more water but even if the roots are
not all coming through the little holes
the water is going in and the Sprouts
are drinking and taking as much water as
they need so nothing to worry about and
very soon you will see what happens
after They Se for a few days in a
beautiful sunny window you'll see this
Sprouts growing beautifully to Long
sunflower sprouts so as you can see the
Sprouts are all ready they're full grown
uh they have grown to their optimal
potential you can see that they're all
high they are very green dark green that
tells us that they have maximized in in
their chlorophyll content and that's
when they are they have the highest
nutritious uh nutrition at that point
and that's when you want to benefit from
eating your Sprouts if you let them go
any further from this point you'll
notice um that some of the leaves will
start producing a third Leaf in the
center and uh when that happens that
tells you that it's time to harvest if
you keep them here any longer then
that's okay there won't be a problem you
can still eat that but you're going to
compromise the nutritional content and
the reason for that is that um they are
sprouts and that's why they're so good
for you because they hold inside all the
potential for growing a mature full
plant the problem with that is that once
they go beyond that stage of a sprout
the nutrition inside starts being
compromis make sure that when you see
that third Leaf you know it's time to
harvest because you want to really
capitalize in the maximal potential of
the nutritional content of the Sprout
you don't want it to let it go on to
being amateur plant remember to do do
that until then until they have reached
that maturity I do leave them on my tray
and the way to water them as you can see
if you lift them up there's a root
system there and just by filling in
water inside the supporting containing
tray you'll Ure that the Sprouts are
always well hydrated and they will drink
as much as they need to so don't worry
about overwatering I don't water from
the top once they reach this state when
they are green because they do require
quite a bit of water and if you water
from the top is really hard to reach to
the bottom where the dirt is and the
root system uh is and as well as they're
prone to uh developing fungus or perhaps
rotting so from the bottom in that
system I just show you adding water to
the tray the containing tray you will
ensure that your Sprouts will get nicely
hydrated and you will know that they are
getting enough water because they'll
stand tall and happy and you'll know
you'll notice if they need more water
they start coming kind of down so um you
ensure that you keep them hydrated
perhaps twice a day adding water to the
tray and then as I said once they reach
that maximum level of maturity i h cut
them with scissors again to show you
from the bottom of the roots here and
then uh I simply will grab a paper towel
like this and I put them inside so I
place them inside the paper towel and
that protects them from getting wet or
any humidity that there may still be in
there it will prevent them from rotting
inside the fridge then you grab a zlog
bag and you place the Sprouts in the
towel inside the bag if you enjoy
watching this video don't hesitate to
come back to hogly yoga.com eager to
share more tips and techniques as to how
to incorporate the practice and the
wisdom of yoga into your everyday life
thank you for watching
namaste